[Music]
welcome to b2b marketing and more with
your host Pam dinner as the leading
marketing and sales enablement
strategist keynote speaker and author
camp created this podcast to share a
professional experience and insights and
to help you be a better b2b marketer
never miss an episode by subscribing on
Apple podcasts now let's get started hey
good morning everyone I have super
exciting news to share with you I roll a
little ebook about AI artificial
intelligence yay here's the thing when
I've spoken at conferences in the past
it's been clear to me that marketers are
intimidated by AI and don't know what to
make of it and AI piqued my interest
when I was doing research for the
technology chapter of my second book
effective sales enablement ever since my
fascination has skyrocketed to help
marketers and a sales team better
understand artificial intelligence
I wrote a 9000 Kindle eBook the name of
the book is called the modern AI
marketer how to leverage artificial
intelligence in digital marketing to get
ahead I'm a strong believer that modern
marketers near firm grounding in
relevant technologies so they can use it
to the advantage I'm not saying that you
need to write codes or implement AI
initiatives at this time but as a
starter is a nice to understand what it
is and have some ideas on what it can do
for you as a marketer the book starts
with simple definitions history and then
I dive into the various marketing
specific benefit of using AI from
running hyper targeted automated email
campaigns to extending reach and
improving the overall customer
experience online and offline it's an
easy read I promise and I make it fun so
go to Amazon's type my name p.m. dinner
or the name of the book modern AI
marketer download automatically to your
Kindle o alliant of the bulk I also
provided a list of useful books and
online resources I
positive that you'll get a good sense of
AI and discover how to apply it in your
own way
happy AI reading so if you enjoy my
podcast please subscribe to the show on
your favorite podcast platform or visit
my website at Pam dinner comm full-width
slash podcast again if you prefer
watching me do simply type Pam dinner on
YouTube and subscribe one new video
every week it's all about b2b marketing
so be well and that's connect again next
week if you enjoyed this podcast please
share it with your colleagues and leave
a review on Apple podcasts
you
[Music]